Created a collection_requirements.rst (#78637)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/collection_requirements.rst

Standards for developing module and plugin utilities
====================================================

* ``module_utils`` and ``plugin_utils`` can be marked for only internal use in the collection, but they MUST document this and MUST use a leading underscore for filenames.
* It is a breaking change when you make an existing ``module_utils`` private and in that case the collection requires a major version bump.
* Below are some recommendations for ``module_utils`` documentation: 

  * No docstring: everything we recommend for ``other-environment`` is supported.
  * The docstring ``'Python versions supported: same as for controller-environment'``: everything we recommend for ``controller-environment`` is supported.
  * The docstring with specific versions otherwise: ``'Python versions supported: '``.

Repo structure
===============

galaxy.yml
----------

* The ``tags`` field MUST be set.

> * Collection dependencies must meet a set of rules. See the section on `Collection Dependencies <collection_dependencies_>`_ for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Collection dependencies must meet a set of rules. See  :ref:`collection_dependencies_requirements` for details.
```

Reviewer: Two items fixed here:
1 - because of the duplicate label problem, we neede to change the label based on the change at https://github.com/ansible/ansible/pull/78637/files#diff-213450fadf3303b3003c308ba994d71c799769440a5c384726e9150d2501f51bR378 below.

2 - this is an internal link so we want to use the :ref: format.

* Issue for agenda (or pinboard if there are not regular meetings) as a pinned issue in the repository.

When moving modules between collections
=======================================

All related entities must be moved/copied including:

* Related plugins and module_utils files (when moving, be sure it is not used by other modules, otherwise copy).
* CI and unit tests.
* Corresponding documentation fragments from ``plugins/doc_fragments``.

Also:

* Change ``M()``, examples, ``seealso``, ``extended_documentation_fragments`` to use actual FQCNs in moved content and in other collections that have references to the content.
* Move all related issues, pull requests, and wiki pages.
* Look through ``docs/docsite`` directory of `ansible-base GitHub repository <https://github.com/ansible/ansible>`_ (for example, using the ``grep`` command-line utility) to check if there are examples using the moved modules and plugins to update their FQCNs.

See `Migrating content to a different collection <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections.html#migrating-ansible-content-to-a-different-collection>`_ for complete details.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. _collection_development_conventions:

```

Reviewer: This fix attempts to clear up the rst warning shown by CI for duplicate explicit target name.

Development conventions
=======================

Besides all the requirements listed in the `Development conventions <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_best_practices.html>`_, be sure:

* Your modules do not query information using special ``state`` option values like ``get``, ``list``, ``query``, or ``info`` -
  create new ``_info`` or ``_facts`` modules instead (for more information, refer to the `Developing modules guidelines <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_general.html#creating-an-info-or-a-facts-module>`_)
* ``check_mode`` is supported in all ``*_info`` and ``*_facts`` modules (for more information, refer to the `Development conventions <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_best_practices.html#following-ansible-conventions>`_)

> .. _collection_dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _collection_dependencies_requirements:
```

Reviewer: This is a fix to the CI error about duplicate-label. What that error is saying is that another page in this repository already uses that label, so we have to make this one unique.
